doc: flesh out user credential documentation (#15956)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/campaigns/how-tos/publishing_changesets.md

## Requirements

To publish a changeset, you need:

1. [admin permissions for the campaign](../explanations/permissions_in_campaigns.md#permission-levels-for-campaigns),
1. write access to the changeset's repository (on the code host), and
1. a personal access token [configured in Sourcegraph for your code host(s)](configuring_user_credentials.md).  

> For more information, see [Code host interactions in campaigns](../explanations/permissions_in_campaigns.md#code-host-interactions-in-campaigns).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see "[Code host interactions in campaigns](../explanations/permissions_in_campaigns.md#code-host-interactions-in-campaigns)".
```

> To publish a changeset, you need [admin permissions for the campaign](../explanations/permissions_in_campaigns.md#permission-levels-for-campaigns) and write access to the changeset's repository (on the code host). For more information, see [Code host interactions in campaigns](../explanations/permissions_in_campaigns.md#code-host-interactions-in-campaigns).
> 
> You also need a personal access token configured in Sourcegraph for your code host(s). For more information, see "[Configuring user credentials](configuring_user_credentials.md)".
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a changeset, you need
1. [admin permissions for the campaign](../explanations/permissions_in_campaigns.md#permission-levels-for-campaigns).
1. write access to the changeset's repository (on the code host).
1. a personal access token [configured in Sourcegraph for your code host(s)](configuring_user_credentials.md).  

For more information, see [Code host interactions in campaigns](../explanations/permissions_in_campaigns.md#code-host-interactions-in-campaigns).
```

Author: Committing, but I'm going to tinker with this a touch more. Thanks!
